README.md, before:

# 💫 About Me:
👋 Hi, I’m Imad Hussain Khan, a Full Stack Web Developer specializing in MERN Stack & Next.js.<br><br>💼 Currently working as a Full Stack Web Developer at Creative Mark in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, building scalable dashboards, SaaS applications, and secure backend systems.<br><br>🚀 I focus on writing clean, maintainable code, optimizing performance, and delivering real business value.<br><br>🌱 Always learning. Always building.

## 💼 Portfolio
[![View Portfolio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Portfolio-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=firefox&logoColor=FF7139)](https://imadkhan.online)
 

📂 Includes:
- Real-world production projects  
- Scalable dashboards & SaaS platforms  
- Secure backend systems & APIs  
- Modern UI/UX with performance optimization  


## 🌐 Socials:
[![Facebook](https://img.shields.io/badge/Facebook-%231877F2.svg?logo=Facebook&logoColor=white)](https://facebook.com/https://www.facebook.com/imad.hussain.khan.2025) [![Instagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-%23E4405F.svg?logo=Instagram&logoColor=white)](https://instagram.com/https://www.instagram.com/imaddeveloper?igsh=bXJ4MXB4bmo2djAy) [![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/https://www.linkedin.com/in/imad-hussain-khan-76388b305) [![TikTok](https://img.shields.io/badge/TikTok-%23000000.svg?logo=TikTok&logoColor=white)](https://tiktok.com/@https://www.tiktok.com/@imadhussainkhan) [![X](https://img.shields.io/badge/X-black.svg?logo=X&logoColor=white)](https://x.com/https://x.com/imadhussainkhan) [![email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:kimad1728@gmail.com) 

# 💻 Tech Stack:
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white) ![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-%23FF9900.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white) ![Cloudflare](https://img.shields.io/badge/Cloudflare-F38020?style=for-the-badge&logo=Cloudflare&logoColor=white) ![DigitalOcean](https://img.shields.io/badge/DigitalOcean-%230167ff.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=digitalOcean&logoColor=white) ![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/firebase-%23039BE5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=firebase) ![Heroku](https://img.shields.io/badge/heroku-%23430098.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=heroku&logoColor=white) ![Netlify](https://img.shields.io/badge/netlify-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=netlify&logoColor=#00C7B7) ![Render](https://img.shields.io/badge/Render-%46E3B7.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=render&logoColor=white) ![Vercel](https://img.shields.io/badge/vercel-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=vercel&logoColor=white) ![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/bootstrap-%238511FA.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white) ![Context-API](https://img.shields.io/badge/Context--Api-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=react) ![EJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/ejs-%23B4CA65.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=ejs&logoColor=black) ![Fastify](https://img.shields.io/badge/fastify-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=fastify&logoColor=white) ![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/express.js-%23404d59.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=%2361DAFB)![JWT](https://img.shields.io/badge/JWT-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=JSON%20web%20tokens) ! ![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white) ![Next JS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=next.js&logoColor=white) ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![Svelte](https://img.shields.io/badge/svelte-%23f1413d.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=svelte&logoColor=white) ![SvelteKit](https://img.shields.io/badge/sveltekit-%23ff3e00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=svelte&logoColor=white) ![Vue.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/vue.js-%2335495e.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=vuedotjs&logoColor=%234FC08D) ![WordPress](https://img.shields.io/badge/WordPress-%23117AC9.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=WordPress&logoColor=white) ![Nuxt JS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Nuxt-002E3B?style=for-the-badge&logo=nuxt.js&logoColor=#00DC82) ![React Router](https://img.shields.io/badge/React_Router-CA4245?style=for-the-badge&logo=react-router&logoColor=white) ![React Query](https://img.shields.io/badge/-React%20Query-FF4154?style=for-the-badge&logo=react%20query&logoColor=white) ![Redux](https://img.shields.io/badge/redux-%23593d88.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=redux&logoColor=white) ![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/firebase-a08021?style=for-the-badge&logo=firebase&logoColor=ffcd34) ![Postgres](https://img.shields.io/badge/postgres-%23316192.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white) ![Redis](https://img.shields.io/badge/redis-%23DD0031.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=redis&logoColor=white) ![SQLite](https://img.shields.io/badge/sqlite-%2307405e.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=sqlite&logoColor=white) ![Supabase](https://img.shields.io/badge/Supabase-3ECF8E?style=for-the-badge&logo=supabase&logoColor=white) ![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-%234ea94b.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white) ![Prisma](https://img.shields.io/badge/Prisma-3982CE?style=for-the-badge&logo=Prisma&logoColor=white) ![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-4479A1.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white) ![Canva](https://img.shields.io/badge/Canva-%2300C4CC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Canva&logoColor=white) ![GitHub Actions](https://img.shields.io/badge/github%20actions-%232671E5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=githubactions&logoColor=white) ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white) ![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white) ![Jest](https://img.shields.io/badge/-jest-%23C21325?style=for-the-badge&logo=jest&logoColor=white) ![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white) ![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/tailwindcss-%2338B2AC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)  ![React Native](https://img.shields.io/badge/react_native-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-FF6C37?style=for-the-badge&logo=postman&logoColor=white) 
# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=ImaadDev&theme=cobalt&hide_border=true&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true)<br/>
![](https://nirzak-streak-stats.vercel.app/?user=ImaadDev&theme=cobalt&hide_border=true)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=ImaadDev&theme=cobalt&hide_border=true&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true&layout=compact)

## 🏆 GitHub Trophies
![](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ImaadDev&theme=radical&no-frame=false&no-bg=false&margin-w=4)

### ✍️ Random Dev Quote
![](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?type=horizontal&theme=dark)

### 🔝 Top Contributed Repo
![](https://github-contributor-stats.vercel.app/api?username=ImaadDev&limit=5&theme=dark&combine_all_yearly_contributions=true)

---
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=ImaadDev&icon=0&color=0)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)

  ## 💰 You can help me by Donating
  [![BuyMeACoffee](https://img.shields.io/badge/Buy%20Me%20a%20Coffee-ffdd00?style=for-the-badge&logo=buy-me-a-coffee&logoColor=black)](https://buymeacoffee.com/imadhussainkhan) [![PayPal](https://img.shields.io/badge/PayPal-00457C?style=for-the-badge&logo=paypal&logoColor=white)](https://paypal.me/https://www.paypal.me/imadhussainkhaan) 

  
<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->

Commit message:

Enhance README with Create Enterprise Backend details
Added information about the Create Enterprise Backend CLI, including features and installation instructions.

README.md, after:

# 💫 About Me:
👋 Hi, I’m Imad Hussain Khan, a Full Stack Web Developer specializing in MERN Stack & Next.js.<br><br>💼 Currently working as a Full Stack Web Developer at Creative Mark in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, building scalable dashboards, SaaS applications, and secure backend systems.<br><br>🚀 I focus on writing clean, maintainable code, optimizing performance, and delivering real business value.<br><br>🌱 Always learning. Always building.

# 🚀 Creator of Create Enterprise Backend (NPX CLI)

👨‍💻 **Author & Maintainer of `npx create-enterprise-backend`** — an enterprise-grade backend scaffolding CLI designed to generate **production-ready backends in seconds**.

⚠️ **BETA VERSION (v0.1.2)**  
This package is currently in beta with limited features.  
✔️ Full enterprise features are available for **Fastify + Supabase**  
⚠️ Express support is basic and some advanced features are still in development.

### 🧠 What it does
A powerful CLI that scaffolds **secure, scalable backend architectures** with authentication, JWT, and database integration — instantly.

### ✨ Features
- ⚡ **Frameworks**: Fastify & Express  
- 🗄️ **Databases**: MongoDB & Supabase  
- 🔐 **Authentication**: JWT-based authentication  
- ♻️ **Refresh Tokens** (Fastify + Supabase only)  
- 🚪 **Logout** (single device & all devices)  
- 🛡️ **Role-Based Access Control (RBAC)**  
- 🧩 **Modular Architecture** (feature-based structure)  
- 📦 **Auto-registered Routes**  
- 🔧 **Enterprise-ready Folder Structure**  
- 💡 **Highly Extensible for future upgrades**

### 📦 Installation & Usage
```bash
npx create-enterprise-backend my-backend


## 💼 Portfolio
[![View Portfolio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Portfolio-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=firefox&logoColor=FF7139)](https://imadkhan.online)
 

📂 Includes:
- Real-world production projects  
- Scalable dashboards & SaaS platforms  
- Secure backend systems & APIs  
- Modern UI/UX with performance optimization  


## 🌐 Socials:
[![Facebook](https://img.shields.io/badge/Facebook-%231877F2.svg?logo=Facebook&logoColor=white)](https://facebook.com/https://www.facebook.com/imad.hussain.khan.2025) [![Instagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-%23E4405F.svg?logo=Instagram&logoColor=white)](https://instagram.com/https://www.instagram.com/imaddeveloper?igsh=bXJ4MXB4bmo2djAy) [![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/https://www.linkedin.com/in/imad-hussain-khan-76388b305) [![TikTok](https://img.shields.io/badge/TikTok-%23000000.svg?logo=TikTok&logoColor=white)](https://tiktok.com/@https://www.tiktok.com/@imadhussainkhan) [![X](https://img.shields.io/badge/X-black.svg?logo=X&logoColor=white)](https://x.com/https://x.com/imadhussainkhan) [![email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:kimad1728@gmail.com) 

# 💻 Tech Stack:
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white) ![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-%23FF9900.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white) ![Cloudflare](https://img.shields.io/badge/Cloudflare-F38020?style=for-the-badge&logo=Cloudflare&logoColor=white) ![DigitalOcean](https://img.shields.io/badge/DigitalOcean-%230167ff.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=digitalOcean&logoColor=white) ![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/firebase-%23039BE5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=firebase) ![Heroku](https://img.shields.io/badge/heroku-%23430098.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=heroku&logoColor=white) ![Netlify](https://img.shields.io/badge/netlify-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=netlify&logoColor=#00C7B7) ![Render](https://img.shields.io/badge/Render-%46E3B7.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=render&logoColor=white) ![Vercel](https://img.shields.io/badge/vercel-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=vercel&logoColor=white) ![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/bootstrap-%238511FA.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white) ![Context-API](https://img.shields.io/badge/Context--Api-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=react) ![EJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/ejs-%23B4CA65.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=ejs&logoColor=black) ![Fastify](https://img.shields.io/badge/fastify-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=fastify&logoColor=white) ![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/express.js-%23404d59.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=%2361DAFB)![JWT](https://img.shields.io/badge/JWT-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=JSON%20web%20tokens) ! ![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white) ![Next JS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=next.js&logoColor=white) ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![Svelte](https://img.shields.io/badge/svelte-%23f1413d.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=svelte&logoColor=white) ![SvelteKit](https://img.shields.io/badge/sveltekit-%23ff3e00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=svelte&logoColor=white) ![Vue.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/vue.js-%2335495e.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=vuedotjs&logoColor=%234FC08D) ![WordPress](https://img.shields.io/badge/WordPress-%23117AC9.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=WordPress&logoColor=white) ![Nuxt JS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Nuxt-002E3B?style=for-the-badge&logo=nuxt.js&logoColor=#00DC82) ![React Router](https://img.shields.io/badge/React_Router-CA4245?style=for-the-badge&logo=react-router&logoColor=white) ![React Query](https://img.shields.io/badge/-React%20Query-FF4154?style=for-the-badge&logo=react%20query&logoColor=white) ![Redux](https://img.shields.io/badge/redux-%23593d88.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=redux&logoColor=white) ![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/firebase-a08021?style=for-the-badge&logo=firebase&logoColor=ffcd34) ![Postgres](https://img.shields.io/badge/postgres-%23316192.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white) ![Redis](https://img.shields.io/badge/redis-%23DD0031.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=redis&logoColor=white) ![SQLite](https://img.shields.io/badge/sqlite-%2307405e.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=sqlite&logoColor=white) ![Supabase](https://img.shields.io/badge/Supabase-3ECF8E?style=for-the-badge&logo=supabase&logoColor=white) ![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-%234ea94b.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white) ![Prisma](https://img.shields.io/badge/Prisma-3982CE?style=for-the-badge&logo=Prisma&logoColor=white) ![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-4479A1.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white) ![Canva](https://img.shields.io/badge/Canva-%2300C4CC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Canva&logoColor=white) ![GitHub Actions](https://img.shields.io/badge/github%20actions-%232671E5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=githubactions&logoColor=white) ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white) ![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white) ![Jest](https://img.shields.io/badge/-jest-%23C21325?style=for-the-badge&logo=jest&logoColor=white) ![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white) ![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/tailwindcss-%2338B2AC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)  ![React Native](https://img.shields.io/badge/react_native-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-FF6C37?style=for-the-badge&logo=postman&logoColor=white) 
# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=ImaadDev&theme=cobalt&hide_border=true&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true)<br/>
![](https://nirzak-streak-stats.vercel.app/?user=ImaadDev&theme=cobalt&hide_border=true)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=ImaadDev&theme=cobalt&hide_border=true&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true&layout=compact)

## 🏆 GitHub Trophies
![](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ImaadDev&theme=radical&no-frame=false&no-bg=false&margin-w=4)

### ✍️ Random Dev Quote
![](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?type=horizontal&theme=dark)

### 🔝 Top Contributed Repo
![](https://github-contributor-stats.vercel.app/api?username=ImaadDev&limit=5&theme=dark&combine_all_yearly_contributions=true)

---
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=ImaadDev&icon=0&color=0)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)

  ## 💰 You can help me by Donating
  [![BuyMeACoffee](https://img.shields.io/badge/Buy%20Me%20a%20Coffee-ffdd00?style=for-the-badge&logo=buy-me-a-coffee&logoColor=black)](https://buymeacoffee.com/imadhussainkhan) [![PayPal](https://img.shields.io/badge/PayPal-00457C?style=for-the-badge&logo=paypal&logoColor=white)](https://paypal.me/https://www.paypal.me/imadhussainkhaan) 

  
<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->
